Erica Muschelli                                                                                                                         
COSC 603 APG
21 FEB 2016                                                                                       
Software Testing and Maintenance
Spring 2016

Project #1 - Reengineerring Legacy Systems

Task 1 - Setting up the development environment
 
Although no one can argue the benefits of learning how to use an new IDE and document repository tool with great benefit stemming learning how to use those features, for me the most important learning experince is seeing first hand the importance of good code documentation and using documentation to enhance human readability and understanding.  Being a software developer, I have not had the opportunity to work with javadoc until now.  Most of the software application documentation I had written was by hand via the develpment of user manuals, technical manuals, and testing scripts.  The Eclipse Plug-In Javadoc converts embedded comments written by the developer into an Web document improving human readability which is extremely important for those tasked with software maintenance and any form of software testing outside of the actual developer.  
Using the Javadoc tool for the creation of comments provides those involved with the code to have a clear understanding as to the program functionality as well as any exceptions that may result from executing the program.  The fundamental importance of good documentation allows developers executing/modifying the code to gain a clear understanding of the purpose/function of what each method, class, or construct does in additional to explaining how the variables are used and what values are returned.  This can also clear up any issues regarding discripencies around how the program is supposed to work versus how the program actually works.  Including information about bugs found witin the code is also very valuable information especially during the testing process.  This allows for those developers thay may be working on different pieces of the project to understand the intentions and directions of other software developers on the team.  The extraction of comments embedded within the source code by the  javadoc tool allows the developer to be more efficient and to focus on actual development/coding.  Having the javadoc tab located at the bottom of the Eclipse IDE allows developer to view the documentation prior to generating the web page is an added benefit saving time, increasing human readability, and overall efficiency.
